SEO Article Updates (#5933)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/aarrr-pirate-funnel.md

### 4. Research, test and iterate

This is where effective analytics become essential. Your pirate metrics identify problems and opportunities, but you need to drill down deeper to understand the causes. 

Use session replays to observe real users using your product, develop solutions, and A/B test them to test their effectiveness.

Once you've found good solutions, roll them out to your users and measure the results. It's best to roll out your solution to a subset of users first to make sure they have the expected impact – use [feature flags](/product/feature-flags) to do this.

Dave McClure's original framework suggests you spend 80% of your effort on refining and improving existing features, and 20% on new ones. It's a good rule of thumb.

> 💡 **PostHog Tip:** You can use PostHog at every stage of this journey. Use product analytics to track user behavior, session recording to observe and identify real user pain points, experimentation to run A/B tests and multivariate tests, and feature flags to stagger feature releases.
 
## Takeaways

> 1. There's a reason pirate metrics is still popular 15 years since its inception. It's simple on the surface, but unlocks great depths of insight into user behavior, products and their trajectory. It's a not a cure-all for success, but it provides clarity and alignment for all teams in a startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. There's a reason pirate metrics is still popular 15 years since its inception. It's simple on the surface, but unlocks deep insights into user behavior, products and their trajectory. It's a not a cure-all for success, but it provides clarity and alignment for all teams in a startup.
```
